fix(core/v1): prevent tool call chunks from merging incorrectly in AIMessageChunk.concat() (#8878)
langchain-ai/langchainjs: .changeset/clever-jars-float.md

> ---
> "@fake-scope/fake-pkg": patch
> ---
> 
> fix(core/v1): prevent tool call chunks from merging incorrectly in AIMessageChunk.concat()

Author: ```suggestion
---
"@langchain/core": patch
---

fix(@langchain/core/v1): prevent tool call chunks from merging incorrectly in AIMessageChunk.concat()
```
